Upstream `aws-inspector` (#700)
cloudposse/terraform-aws-components: modules/aws-inspector/README.md

# Component: `aws-inspector`

This component is responsible for provisioning an AWS Inspector by installing the Inspector agent across all EC2 instances and applying the Inspector rules.

## Usage

**Stack Level**: Regional

Here's an example snippet for how to use this component.

```yaml
components:
  terraform:
    aws-inspector:
      vars:
        enabled: true
        enabled_rules:
          - cis
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `aws-inspector` component can be included in your Terraform configuration. In the provided example, it is enabled with the `enabled` variable set to `true`. The `enabled_rules` variable specifies a list of rules to enable, and in this case, it includes the `cis` rule.
```

> The short form of the rules is expected for the `enabled_rules` key since it will automatically retrieve the appropriate arn in the region used. The list of short forms are documented for the [`var.enabled_rules`](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-inspector#input_enabled_rules) input.
> 
> Full list of rules can be found in [Amazon Inspector ARNS for rules packages](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/inspector/latest/userguide/inspector_rules-arns.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To simplify rule selection, the short forms of the rules are used for the `enabled_rules` key. These short forms automatically retrieve the appropriate ARN for the rule package based on the region being used. You can find a list of available short forms and their corresponding rule packages in the [var.enabled_rules](https://github.com/cloudposse/terraform-aws-inspector#input_enabled_rules) input documentation.

For a comprehensive list of rules and their corresponding ARNs, you can refer to the [Amazon Inspector ARNs for rules packages](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/inspector/latest/userguide/inspector_rules-arns.html) documentation. This resource provides detailed information on various rules that can be used with AWS Inspector and their unique identifiers (ARNs).

By customizing the configuration with the appropriate rules, you can tailor the security assessments performed by AWS Inspector to meet the specific requirements and compliance standards of your applications and infrastructure.
```
